support add/delete User manager my sql (#1120)
Azure/azure-service-operator: docs/services/mysql/mysql.md

The MySQL virtual network rule operator allows you to add virtual network rules to the MySQL server.

Here is a [sample YAML](/config/samples/azure_v1alpha1_mysqlvnetrule.yaml) for MySQL virtual network rule. 

The `server` indicates the MySQL server on which you want to configure the new MySQL virtual network rule on and `resourceGroup` is the resource group of the MySQL server. Provide the virtual network name and subnet name in the variables `vNetName` and `subnetName`, and `vNetResourceGroup` is the resource group the virtual network is located in. The `ignoreMissingServiceEndpoint` indicates whether or not to create virtual network rule before the virtual network has vnet service endpoint enabled.

*Note*: When using MySQL Virtual Network Rules, the `Basic` SKU is not a valid op

### MySQL user

> The MySQL user operator allows you to add new user to an existing MySQL database. 

Reviewer: Minor:
```suggestion
The MySQL user operator allows you to add a new user to an existing MySQL database. 
```

Here is a [sample YAML](/config/samples/azure_v1alpha1_mysqluser.yaml) for MySQL user. 

The `resourceGroup` is the resource group of the MySQL server and MySQL database, provide the MySQL server name in `server` and MySQL database name in `dbName`. 

> The operator supports grant specified previleges using the concept of `roles`, and supports to assign one or more privileges from the list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operator supports grant specified privileges using the concept of `roles`, and supports assigning one or more privileges from the list:
```
